well I don't like this at all the dark
no no it's not too dark but I mean ha
jeez look Vic tenacious tomb I don't
like that maybe I shouldn't go first
well if you're too no well that's why
I'm thinking I might be in danger here
well wait they know where to go you just
think was most deals Jack use your
skills I think we're supposed to dig
nice of it wrong that's probably wrong
it's just a nice and nice atmosphere in
a nice beer oh no no I don't think
that's her um well I am no idea what a
vicious take behind here behind the fine
yeah that's what happened last time oh
my god rule good for carpet and it's a
car it's just startling how this has
been here this whole time it's a rep
it's a crucifix or think so it's like a
nice one oh yeah I can tell me something
yeah all in one the old tube is hitting
us so far i have the baby but i fear is
lost session fee i will flee to Tartarus
they had the Brotherhood will keep us
safe do not follow me my ear stays 00
horrible oh oh jeez so I wasn't
expecting this at all ok I just wanted
to get its all but how are we supposed
to dig grind egg nog way since the maury
that worked the last two times ok well
fucking down there Doug for no reason
maybe like someone else knows where it
is
from one out there like a um as well as
that really old like wise guy things
he's a weird I love he's here I haven't
seen no got him look Jack that's what Oh
hear you talking about is it I'm writing
I'm not old or with it exact same age
with me yeah I guess yeah well I have
nice beard I have any seen in one yeah
I've never met this this wizard guy fair
I don't know that's a noticeably enough
for thing on the notice board tena let's
find him already yeah but no one wet cuz
no one likes them oh do I go back I
guess we could we could go and see what
it says and go and find them or
something there is a long shot but you
know yes we should
ok so whoa I'll just in case anyone's at
all worried about the giant Tower of
death over there with lava no that was
just us I was just at our after yeah the
Emperor lives yeah no one goes to the
Tower of death allow them told that no
one has ever come back so we just don't
go over there although there is a nice
little swimming pool area as well but me
and I'm we don't go complain they call
us with a wall of death is working oh
good flight go in there and die or melt
over there and crazy there's a matter of
love Jim said he was going there if it
we haven't seen jim Boyd three years
yeah and we do know it's fine running
out there on fire as well
well we're back in lovely old Sunnyside
yep I just found that my father's tomb
is actually a hidden gem you know I'm
dealing with it well well he was hiding
container will me yeah I guess yes sir
yeah so he was here too he was staying
safe I put my own thing up saying anyone
wants to help us and come and help us I
thought we were going to spend hours
just trying to solve this we didn't
stray away well he's the ER but sale at
wizards tower follow the life so well
there's like everywhere nighttime isn't
I might make it easier maybe wish you
can that's true actually popham the
zombies I want to rip off a stop a lot
easier what do you think jack um yeah
fine the light that would be good at
night so today wise words Sam although
it will be more dangerous well I should
go you know we can't stand around all
day we could go kick some ass girl you
know we just follow the light three do
we have any supplies for this adventure
like food yeah I have some port an okay
so well valdy this is good i also like
them hey how do you know you're the
right weight naturally that maybe you
guys should know me well as lighting for
their which way but there's light over
the error as well so it's a good counter
argument um i was the light of a
distance it must be off into the
distance somewhere is that skeleton
skeleton oh maybe we should go in them
all we can't escape them Higgins oh god
wow I will avenge my father I can't we
go in
are we done without one skeleton when
you're gonna be amazing